feat(Mandatory Modules): Add Mandatory optional field to the ModuleTemplate Spec (#1074)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/technical-reference/api/moduleTemplate-cr.md

By default, it will most likely be easiest to use [Kyma CLI](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/tree/main) and its `create module` command to create a template with a valid descriptor, but it can also be generated manually, for example using [OCM CLI](https://github.com/open-component-model/ocm/tree/main/cmds/ocm).

### `.spec.mandatory`

> The `mandatory` field indicates whether the module is installed in all runtime clusters without any interaction from the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mandatory` field indicates whether the module is installed in all runtime clusters without any interaction from the user.
```

That is wrong, it is not about that it `is` installed, but it `should be` installed. I think `is` is very confusing here. That mandatory field does not indicate the current state, but how the module template should be treated as

> Mandatory modules do not appear in the Kyma CR of the runtime cluster, and they have the same configuration across all runtime clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mandatory modules do not appear in the Kyma CR `.status` and `.spec.modules`, furthermore they have the same configuration across all runtime clusters.
```
